add recommended website to wrap text to 100 characters (#5221)
whatwg/html: CONTRIBUTING.md

Due to the long legacy of the existing text the guidelines below are not always applied. We do require that you apply the guidelines when making changes, though are happy to provide assistance if this proves to be a blocker to you.

> Use a column width of 100 characters and add newlines where whitespace is used. (Emacs, set `fill-column` to `100`; in Vim, set `textwidth` to `100`; and in Sublime, set `wrap_width` to `100`. Alternatively, wrap the paragraph(s) with your changes with https://output.jsbin.com/maferi. Make sure that `column length to rewrap` is set to 100.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a column width of 100 characters and add newlines where whitespace is used. (Emacs, set `fill-column` to `100`; in Vim, set `textwidth` to `100`; and in Sublime, set `wrap_width` to `100`. Alternatively, wrap the paragraph(s) with your changes with https://domenic.github.io/rewrapper/. Make sure that `column length to rewrap` is set to 100.)
```

Author: @domenic oh - that website is yours! i wondered who made it. ^^ updated, thank you so much!
